um, as far as relationship with us subordinates, I had ah, Chief Petty
officer. Once he told me that if you always keep it professional, you
would never have to worry about anything. So I would take that notion
if you and I would add onto it. Stay professional, stay respectful,
Stay cordial and and yummy includes something in your personality.
Never always be genuine is what I'm trying to say. So genuineness.
Be cordial. Be respectful, be professional and be respected and just
stay true to yourself. And things will flow how they're supposed
to flow now. Giving you won't get along and be buddy buddy with everyone.
But you keep those things in mind and you will always have a
positive and productive working environment with those subordinates.